This is our conceptual design meeting. I'll just take a few minutes and go through the previous minutes. then each of you will have your presentation,. and then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control. we decided that, or we know that we need to use company colours, company logo. our Marketing Expert gave us some i information from interviews with a hundred different remote users. with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before. which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple. And that it should look different than what's out there. I think we decided that the expense was not necessarily worth it,. and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote, because increasing cost and increasing complexity. I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be. something that will fit into easily into someone's hand. And with a scrolling function also.
I was given a brief executive summary, and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at. okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design,. the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative. And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own, but this just backs it up. And thirdly the remote would be easy to use. As far as fashion update, we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. and also, as opposed to last year, this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel. I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design. But I think that, even if it's very subtle, we need to kind of trick our consumers,. so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and. We brought up the idea of having two pieces, which we could discuss further. We need to keep it simple, have limited buttons,. we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables. I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable. Or with exterior designs. So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable,
Possibly like a cover like they have for mobile phones?
Personalise your remote.
I was sent some information from the company saying that they, the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology, where you can program questions into such devices. They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question, you program the answer, and the machine responds accordingly. There's different ways of a user can use products like a remote. there's a graphical use, where you you look at pictures and well on a screen. A command line where you obviously type things in, and you get a response. and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent sort of use of interface in remotes. So, then I had a look at new products that are on the market. this is the voice, there is a voice recognition remote control, which can control mus multiple devices. And then on the right is obviously an iPod,. and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that you sort of go through. And nothing's simpler really. then there's things like this, which is a a a kid's remote,. where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before. So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components,. Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing, where if it was to have a speech recognition thing,. And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier, as the actual remote. it could be a graphical display, the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus.
The details of the components' design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, main board of the remote control. top left side you can see the chip, which is the, what we were talking about, this was is the device to recognise the signals the input,. Its job is to wait for you to press a key, then to translate that key press into infrared light signals, that are received by the television. we are talking this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time. We are talking something more complicated of course, it's going to be more expensive as well. we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell, or in the material that we could use for our outer shell. So we what we can use is plastic, rubber, wood and titanium. Can also mix these. what we could use is, or what I was offered, or what we could use, is a basic bateer battery. So obviously I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really. solar cell is interesting. May fail though, every here and there. the kinetic energy thing might work, but the same problem. You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work. So I'd say what we're stuck with really is the basic battery. our interface options are push-buttons. however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an LCD into the remote control as well. If we have a more sophistic sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic set-up that we that I've just presented, the chip has to be more more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well. solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex surface or remote control. With the titanium we cannot make it a curved design. With plastic, as I understand it, you can use any form. With rubber we could sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it,. but we cannot add scroll wheels, and we cannot add an LCD screen.
And you know you just stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit.
Is that an option, a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots?
How about affecting the surface of the actual remote control? Say we don't make it a particular fruit shape obviously,. but give it like the surface of. an orange, banana, whatever.
You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose.
I would say, if I were to make a decision, I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance.
I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous,. So is the two piece idea out?
Well we sort of rid of that because gonna use a battery.
Well we can still design a two-piece remote without having a base, having one of them be a base station,
Energy source I think we've, I think we've decided batteries, although not exciting, are probably our best bet.
Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print, as I said, the the more advanced features you want, the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive.
So I guess the case would be plastic,. with Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it. It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe.
So then for the scroll, are we going for the iPod type?
Yeah I think so.
Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right? Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design. Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design. Corrine we'll want a product evaluation. And the two of you get to play with the modelling components and. maybe and and get us a prototype. basically just be working on the prototype, we'll accomplish your other two actions.